Logistics

Client
Influx Data
Content Model
Guest Blog
Target Word Count
1,200 to 1,400

Content Particulars

Title
How to Use Times Series Autoregression (With Examples)
Keyword
times series autoregression
What are searchers really asking?
Searchers want to know how to implement time series autoregression for forecasting use cases. 
What content structure typically answers this question?
Tutorial
Who would typically ask this question?
Data scientist, analysts, engineers, technical professionals
What do we want the reader to do?
We want the reader to understand how to use a times series autoregression model and consider how InfluxDB can help
SEO Meta Description
Learn how to use time series autoregression for forecasting in this hands-on Python tutorial
CTA to Include

General Client Guidance

Typical Article Structure
Tutorials don’t really follow a templated outline, per se.  Generally they’re going to be sequential in nature, with lots of explanation and screenshots, with H2s and H3s sprinkled in to keep things organized.  

With tutorials, you generally want to advertise and have plenty of examples for the searcher, particularly if the actual how-to part is relatively short.  In other words, if you’re writing a blog post about the vector data structure, you might run out of steam on pure how-to relatively quickly, but you can then give usage examples or have a best practices section or the like.

The general gist is that you want to take the reader from 0 to “doing the thing” and then use any left over space to arm them with additional knowledge to take with them, as situationally appropriate.

For this post, that could look like starting off with an explanation of what autogression is in time series analysis, then go into step-by-step implementation in Python. Help the reader understand lags, autocorrelation, and forecasting output. Try to use a practical example they can adapt for their own data.

Topics that Appear in Ranking Results
Here are some ideas for possible H2s and H3s as you create an outline. 
    • Autoregression Models for Time Series Forecasting With Python
    • Types of Autoregressive Models
    • Implementing AR Model for predicting Temperature
    • Importing Necessary Libraries
    • Loading and Preprocessing the data
    • Plotting the Results
    • Benefits and Drawbacks of Autoregressive Models
Successful Post Checklist
    • 
SERP Features
    • AI Overview

A tutorial search intent is one where the core question a searcher is asking starts with “how do I…”  This type of keyword will often, but not always, contain a verb.  “Python logging” or “install SQL driver” or sometimes something literally containing the word “tutorial.”

Tutorials don’t really follow a templated outline, per se.  Generally they’re going to be sequential in nature, with lots of explanation and screenshots, with H2s and H3s sprinkled in to keep things organized.  

With tutorials, you generally want to advertise and have plenty of examples for the searcher, particularly if the actual how-to part is relatively short.  In other words, if you’re writing a blog post about the vector data structure, you might run out of steam on pure how-to relatively quickly, but you can then give usage examples or have a best practices section or the like.

The general gist is that you want to take the reader from 0 to “doing the thing” and then use any left over space to arm them with additional knowledge to take with them, as situationally appropriate.
